Feature/#1270 - Add action to manage stale issues and PRs (#1275)
Avaiga/taipy: CONTRIBUTING.md

There are multiple ways to contribute to Taipy: code, but also reporting bugs, creating feature requests, helping
other users in our forums, [stack**overflow**](https://stackoverflow.com/), etc.

> For questions, please reach out on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/SJyz2VJGxV) or create an issue on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions, please get in touch on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/SJyz2VJGxV) or on GitHub with a discussion or an issue.
```

## Implement Features

The Taipy team manages its backlog in private. Each issue that will be done during our current sprint is

> attached to the "current sprint". Please, do not work on it, the Taipy team is on it.

Author: We currently do not have the `current sprint` label. Should we keep this or add the label?

Reviewer: I would change this. We don't want to expose the sprints to our community. That is not necessary. It is just our internal way of managing the projects. I would just talk about the 3 labels: 
- good first issues
- help wanted
- staff only

What about enforcing all the issues moved in the current sprint or progress to have a "staff only" label? So, once it is engaged by the team, it cannot be engaged by an external contributor. What do you think @trgiangdo @FabienLelaquais ?

Author: I'm not sure if we can automate the labels based on the status (the column name)

Reviewer: Otherwise, we can just say that the issues with an assignee are already engaged so it is not available anymore for a contribution. That's simpler and it does include both internal and external contributions.

No?

Author: That would be better, yes

   code format or Python typing.
   You can install and setup it up by doing:
   ```bash
   $ pipenv install pre-commit
   $ pipenv run python -m pre-commit install
   ```

4. Make the changes.<br/>
   You may want to also add your GitHub login as a new line of the `contributors.txt` file located at the root
   of this repository. We are using it to list our contributors in the Taipy documentation
   (see the "Contributing > Contributors" section) and thank them.

5. Create a [pull request from your fork](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).<br/>
   Keep your pull request as __draft__ until your work is finished.
   Do not hesitate to add a comment for help or questions.
   Before you submit a pull request for review from your forked repo, check that it meets these guidelines:
     - The code and the branch name follow the [Taipy coding style](#coding-style-and-best-practices).
     - Include tests.
     - Code is [rebase](http://stackoverflow.com/a/7244456/1110993).
     - License is present.
     - pre-commit works - without mypy error.

>      - GitHub's actions are passing.

Reviewer: Can they run the GitHub actions on their forked project? I am not certain.

Author: On the PR, we need to run the action

Reviewer: Yes.
So as a contributor, I can't "check that it meets this guideline" if I cannot run the actions by myself. That is the Taipy maintainer team responsibility. 
Am I missing something here?

Author: How about
```suggestion
     - Taipy tests are passing.
```

Reviewer: Yep. I like it better. Thx!

- `[IssueSummary]` is a short summary of the issue topic, not including spaces, using Camel case or lower-case,
  dash-separated words. This summary, with its dash (‘-’) symbol prefix, is optional.

## Important Notes

- If your PR is not created or there is no other activity within 14 days of being assigned to the issue, a warning message will appear on the issue, and the issue will be marked as "stale".

> - If your issue is marked as "stale", you will be unassigned after 14 days of inactivity.

Reviewer: Stale seems a bit strong to me. What about "frozen"?

Author: What do you mean "frozen"? The label?
We can use the label "Waiting for contributor" as Fabien suggested

Reviewer: Yes I am talking about the label. "Waiting for contributor" is good.
![image](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy/assets/88036007/c787b99b-b2c7-4407-8c2a-c5521a1ec6cf)
